(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
(Anna)
Hey, Yuma!
I just enrolled
as a student here,
and now that I'm officially
part of the school,
I can enter the
Couples Duel with you.
You and me?
Don't disappoint me,
Yuma, or else!
Put down the
blaster, Anna!
Okay, we're a team!
Who shut off
the lights?
(Vector laughing maniacally)
I have seen you and your
husband duel together.
You make an
impressive team.
I will harness your powers
to strike down my foes!
♪
(announcer)
What a shocker!
The winner of
the World Duel Carnival,
our school's own
Yuma Tsukumo,
is making a surprise challenge
with a mystery partner!
Is it true?
I heard you were going
to give up dueling
forever, Brook!
You told me that if
I ever beat you in a duel,
you'd do anything I asked.
Well, I'm gonna
hold you to it,
so when I beat you,
you can't quit dueling!
(all) Now let's duel!
I Xyz summon
Skypalace Gangaridai!
♪
Take out Gustav Max!
Fire your
Torrid Torpedo!
♪
(screaming)
Anna!
♪
Gangaridai,
strike Yuma directly!
I hope you like the
taste of defeat, kid!
♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand
in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ And just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regretting never,
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Big defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
♪
Yuma still has most
of his life points left.
But unfortunately,
Gangaridai
has more attack points
and can finish him off!
Man, if I only had
a monster on my field.
Then I could use
my trap Half Unbreak
and survive this attack.
There is a way to
save yourself.
Think, Yuma.
♪
Cannons, fire!
Yuma!
Wait a minute!
I can use it!
I play Half Unbreak!
This card stops
the destruction of one monster
and I only take half
the damage I would have!
♪
Hold on.
You don't have any
monsters on your field!
Yeah, I know!
But I never said that
I had to use Half Unbreak
on my monster, did I?
I'm using it
on Gangaridai!
-No way!
-Really?
His opponent's monster?
♪
Man, that was close.
But I was able to
survive the attack.
I thought it was
lights out for him.
(Mayday) Anna.
You sure are lucky to
have joined up with such
a quick-thinking partner.
Not many duelists would
have been smart enough
to come up with such
an impressive maneuver.
Most players would've
only used Half Unbreak
on their own monster.
But since he had none,
Yuma realized he should target
our Gangaridai instead.
The kid played it
like a true pro.
(chuckling)
I'll end my
turn now, Yuma.
It's your move.
And I'm not
wasting any time!
Here goes!
I summon
Dododo Warrior!
By lowering its
attack points by 500,
I can summon Dododo
without tributing!
Next up, I'm activating
Xyz Reception.
Since Mayday's
the only one
with an Xyz Monster
on the field,
I can summon one monster
that's the same Level
as Dododo Warrior!
You're up,
Chachaka Archer!
Chachaka!
♪
Perfect!
Now that I've got
Chachaka on my field,
everything is in place
so that I can make my move
and take control
of this duel!
I overlay Dododo Warrior
and Chachaka Archer!
♪
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Gauntlet Launcher!
♪
Wait, that move
doesn't do me any good.
Next time we battle together,
let me build your deck.
Oh, so you think you're
better than me, huh?
I know I'm
better than you!
Guess I'll have to
prove you wrong.
For my next move,
I'm activating Xyz Treasure!
That way I can
draw one card
for every Xyz Monster
on the field.
Since there are two
Xyz Monsters on the field,
I get to draw two cards.
And then,
I'll activate my
Gauntlet Launcher's
special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit
it destroys one monster!
Great!
Yuma set this up perfectly!
Gauntlet Launcher,
start blasting away!
Take down
Skypalace Gangaridai!
I'm activating
the trap Xyz Coat!
And I'll use it to
protect Skypalace!
♪
Blocked! But you can't stop me
from staying on the attack!
Gauntlet Launcher,
take out Mayday!
I don't think so.
I activate the
trap Xyz Move!
It lets me give control
of my Skypalace to Brook
and end the battle!
♪
No matter what, they keep
protecting each other!
The Walkers'
extraordinary unity
will make them
difficult to defeat.
I know.
I'll play a facedown
and then end my turn...
(Anna) Oh, no you don't!
I'll play a facedown
and end my turn...
(Anna) Oh, no you don't!
I'll take over and get
this duel back on track!
I'm gonna activate Upgrade
by tributing an Xyz Monster!
So say sayonara to your
Gauntlet Launcher!
Why destroy my monster?!
Settle down.
By dumping your Launcher,
I get to summon an Xyz Monster
from my graveyard!
Make way... 'cause
Superdreadnought Rail Cannon
Gustav Max is back in action!
But now it's packing
even more power,
'cause Upgrade's giving
it 600 more attack points!
Not bad, huh?
Thanks to me,
it's got even more
attack points
than Gangaridai.
Don't feel like you have to
shower me with compliments,
'cause there'll be plenty
of time for that after
our duel is done.
That's awesome,
but you ditched my monster
without asking me again!
You never would've
beaten Gangaridai
with that feeble
Launcher and you know it!
Yes, I could've!
I had a strategy!
Well, I have
a strategy, too,
and I'm sure it's way
superior to yours!
If you think
you're so much better,
why did you
team up with me?
I had to have a partner
'cause the rules say so!
♪
I'm ending my turn.
You're up, Brook.
It's... my move!
(Vector)
You will become my instrument
of destruction!
I will harness your powers
to strike down my foes!
It is time to
unleash my true power!
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
Barian's Force!
♪
Barian's Force?
She is under
the Barian's control.
This is bad.
Yuma, winning this duel
is now of critical importance
to our mission.
I know!
Brook, where did you
get that spell card from?
And why do you suddenly
have that strange symbol
on your forehead?
(Brook)
All will be
clear once we win.
I now rank up my Skypalace
into a Chaos Xyz Monster!
I overlay Level 10
Skypalace Gangaridai!
With it, I rebuild
the Overlay Network!
Go, Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Skypalace is built to
inflict major damage.
Now the power of Barian
will transform it
and make it even stronger!
Behold!
Chaos Xyz Skypalace Babylon!
♪
Oh...
I've never seen Brook
summon that before...
She bulked up
her monster!
I activate its
special ability!
By using one
Chaos Overlay Unit,
Babylon can attack
twice in one turn!
Go, Double Destruction!
This attack will be costly.
Anna is down to 2,000
life points.
I predict that Brook will
first destroy Gustav Max
and then attack Anna directly
to finish her off!
This is the end!
Now, Babylon,
destroy Gustav Max!
Destiny Demolisher!
I activate a trap!
Reverse Glasses!
Now every monster
on the field
has its attack points
slashed in half
'til the end of this turn!
♪
(groaning)
Yuma, why did you save me?
'Cause we're teammates,
and teammates should
try to help each other.
Your effort to
save Anna was wasted.
I activate Babylon's
special ability!
When Babylon destroys
your monster in battle,
you get hit with half
of its attack points!
So you're losing
900 life points, Anna!
Go, Secondary Disaster!
(yelling)
Anna!
♪
You put up
a good fight.
But I'm done taking
it easy on you!
Babylon, power up!
And this time, Anna, it
will attack you directly!
Babylon, power up!
Attack Anna directly!
(Yuma) I don't think so!
I can summon Gentlemander
to intercept your attack!
And once this
drops in on my field,
you're forced
to attack it!
As soon as tea time's
over, that is!
♪
Your foolhardy
heroics have managed
to save your partner
for the time being,
but it will
cost you dearly!
Thanks to Babylon's
special ability,
you'll take
even more damage!
Secondary Disaster!
♪
I suppose that's enough
damage for one turn.
The effects of Yuma's Reverse
Glasses trap now wears off.
It's my move, I draw!
Ha!
♪
I summon
Ruffian Railcar!
♪
(horn honking)
Railcar, attack
Mayday directly!
(horn honking)
I'll derail your attack
by activating Xyz Move!
This card instantly transfers
control of Babylon to Mayday!
It also brings this
battle to a full stop!
Brook protects
her partner
even when she is under
Barian control.
Their bond must be
truly powerful!
Railcar can still use its
special ability though,
and that means
you're getting hit
with 500 points of damage!
Train Rain!
♪
You never give up.
However, you're so completely
focused on yourself,
you've forgotten that
you're part of a team.
Look beside you.
You have a partner,
remember?
And unfortunately for you,
you're just about
to lose him!
Yuma gave up most of his
life points to save you
and now he's defenseless!
But his troubles
will soon end.
When the next
turn unfolds,
Mayday and I will use
our combined strength
to eliminate Yuma
and then our fury
will turn against you
and you will
be annihilated!
Brook, what are you
talking about?
This duel is just for fun.
Stay out of this,
darling!
(gasping)
(Anna) She's right.
I gotta help Yuma...
I'm placing one card facedown
and ending my turn!
I'm up now.
Here I go!
Mayday!
Draw on the power of
our love to finish Yuma!
Yes, dear...
I use one Chaos
Overlay Unit
so that Skypalace Babylon
can attack twice!
Double Destruction!
Now attack Yuma
and finish him off for good!
♪
Right now you think that
spell is worthless,
but I promise you one day
you'll see that it's
incredibly valuable!
All right, I activate
the spell card Devoted Love!
-Huh?
-Love?
(Anna)
I give up all my life points
at the end of this turn.
In exchange, it not only
stops Babylon's attack,
but Yuma gets
to draw a card!
♪
You're giving up all your
life points... to save me?
Yes, Yuma.
I'm sure you can
out-duel those Walkers!
(gasping)
-Let us win this.
-Right!
I'm gonna
high-five the sky!
♪
If anybody can outduel
the Walkers,
I know that
it's you, Yuma.
♪
Then take
your turn, Yuma,
and prove your
partner right.
♪
Anna!
I know you'll prove that
I made the right choice!
Thanks, Anna.
Excuse me...
But is the card you
just drew a Barian card?
Why do you have one of those
in your deck, Yuma?
Well, it's because I...
found it after
I beat Girag!
He must've dropped it right
after I defeated him!
But why would you ever
use such a card in a duel?
I'll explain why later,
after we win!
My move!
I summon
Gagaga Magician!
♪
Next, I'll overlay Gagaga
Magician and Railcar!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Number 39: Utopia!
♪
(Yuma)
Utopia's my go-to monster,
but even it isn't powerful
enough to take down Babylon
without some help.
Should I risk it?
♪
No! Yuma, you must
not use that card!
I'm sorry...
But if I lose this duel,
we could lose everything!
♪
Yuma, using a Barian card
is too dangerous!
I'm activating Rank-Up-Magic
Limited Barian's Force!
This card ranks up Utopia
into a Chaos Xyz Monster!
♪
I rebuild the Overlay
Network with Utopia!
♪
Go, Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Come on out,
Chaos Number 39:
Utopia Ray V!
♪
Yuma has done it.
I hope he does not come
to regret this choice.
You just went to
a whole lot of trouble,
but you accomplished
nothing at all!
Your Utopia Ray V
is still too weak
to defeat my Babylon!
Oh? Don't be
so sure, Brook.
This monster's stronger
than you think!
Utopia Ray V can use
a Chaos Overlay Unit
to destroy one monster!
♪
Oh, and I forgot
to mention...
you take damage equal to
your destroyed monster's
attack points!
♪
Utopia Ray V,
take out Skypalace Babylon!
Spinning Blades
of Destruction!
♪
(yelling)
All right!
Now, attack Brook directly!
Rising Sun Star Slash!
♪
(yelling)
Brook!
♪
(beeping)
Ha!
We did it!
-Way to go, Yuma!
♪
(chuckling)
Hey, are you okay, Brook?
Yes, dear.
Thanks for being
there to catch me.
You had me worried.
During our duel,
you were acting
like a different person.
Was I really?
The last thing I remember is
drawing a card from my deck,
but after that...
everything else
is a complete blank.
Nice work!
Gee, thanks, Anna!
♪
(Anna)
So you're not gonna
give up dueling?
Not a chance!
I love dueling far too much
to ever think of quitting!
-I was wrong.
-Yes and no.
I'm not quitting,
just taking a little break.
You're not sick,
are you?
I'm fine.
I'm just taking a break
from the Pro Circuit
to focus more on
what I love, teaching.
I'm sorry, Brook.
I was angry at you
all this time for nothing.
I would have explained,
but when the duel started,
there really wasn't time.
You know, once I finally
do return to dueling,
the four of us should
have a friendly rematch.
That'd be great!
Well then, you better go
tell that boyfriend of yours!
(yelling)
♪
(snoring)
(Astral)
That Barian card
saved us today.
Its power enabled Yuma to evolve
Utopia into Utopia Ray V.
It is possible that card
will be a valuable asset,
especially as we
continue battling
the forces of Barian World.
And yet, I cannot escape
the feeling that playing
the Barian card
was a mistake...
♪